hnc how to delete subnamespaces (#875)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/namespaces.md

    kubectl hns tree <namespace>
    ```

> If you decide a subnamespace is no longer needed you can't simply delete it using `kubectl delete namespace <descendant-namespace>` you will have to delete it using either of these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide a subnamespace is no longer needed, then you cann't delete it using `kubectl delete namespace <descendant-namespace>`. You will get the following error:

> Error from server (Forbidden): namespaces "<descendant-namespace>" is forbidden: User "<your user>" cannot delete resource "namespaces" in API group "" in the namespace "<descendant-namespace>": RBAC: [clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "user-crds" not found, clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "user-crds-resourcename-limit" not found]

You will have to delete it using either of these commands:
```

Author: added this but with some small word changes.
Should i revert it to your example of it?

Reviewer: I like your wording more. Let's go for your suggestions.

Author: sounds good :+1:

> ```bash

Author: fixed it now.

> kubectl subns delete -n <parent-namespace> <descendant-namespace>

Reviewer 2: Wouldnt it be `kubectl delete subns -n <parent-namespace> <descendant-namespace>`

Author: that is very true :sweat_smile: its now been fixed.
Thank you for catching that!

# or

> kubectl hns delete -n <parent-namespace> <descendant-namespace> # with the plugin installed

Reviewer 3: nit: On official HNC docs it uses this format: `kubectl delete subns child -n parent` to describe how to delete a subns, would it be better to use same naming convention of "child" instead of "descendant"? https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/hierarchical-namespaces/blob/master/docs/user-guide/how-to.md#use-subns-delete

Author: :thinking: maybe but then we would probably have to change it for every command in this page since we currently use descendant in all of those. I also don't know which one is better to use.

Reviewer 3: Oh, I didn't realize we use descendant everywhere else on the page. Then since we've committed to that I suggest it stays that way for now. LGTM 👍

Author: Alright sounds good :+1:
